Scoped registry (#9)
seek-oss/private-npm-buildkite-plugin: README.md

          registry: //myprivatenpm.com/
```

> If you set a registry, you can configure a specific scopes to fetch packages from your custom registries

Author: ```suggestion
If you set a registry, you can configure a specific scope to fetch packages from your custom registry
```
